I think I'll write up dates to note how far my data has come now.

19/10/21 
19:58
Registration works. It required the initial database.db file to be deleted because it was made with the now-gone "user" model. Login is not working for some odd reason. When I click on login, the issue is that the submit button isn't doing anything.

22:13
Login works completely. The values selected in the html page weren't "student" and "admin" like they should be, but instead "option1" and "option2". That had to be changed.
TODO (DONE):
Touch up the home screen of the website before Miss would dare take a look at mine lol.

23:23
Front page of SCAS looks more presentable, registration works, login works for both student and admin, redirecting is about to be tested. New module postlogin_views is about to be tested. I'm somewhat pleased so far.

24/10/21
20:18
Since last log, there has been an issue where the login wouldn't truly register. This issue has just been fixed now. That's brilliant.

27/10/21
(I didn't write a time, here)
It has come to my attention that the log from three days ago was a lie. @login_required is currently the bane of my existence.

15:54
So, it has come to my attention that Flask-login has no understanding on how to manage different types of users, though that's information I can only see on a Stack Overflow forum from 8 years ago.
I'll try and see if it has changed in recent years. If it hasn't, lord help me.

4/11/21
Attempting to use sessions to log in because flask-login seems to despise me and the thought of logging in with multiple types of users.
For simplicity and looking nice, I've renamed the files to more neatly separate the views. I am content with the new naming scheme.

9/11/21
9:37
Development is going more smoother with the implementation of sessions in flask, especially compared to flask-login. It's as though that thing was futile to begin with. The gitignore file doesn't look like it's working, though.

16/11/21
14:55
I need to know how on earth I'm going to set up my tags. So how?
I might make up a one-to-many relationship with the student and the tag, then with the school and the tag. If I do, what'll happen?

Idk, I can only send a working product. That's what's supposed to happen rn.

7/12/21
15:31
It's been a while. So much so that I have no idea why the registration file is not working anymore. It definitely should be working by now.

8/12/21
9:39
It started working again. I don't know what I've done.

19:55
It's stopped again, but I know what the problem is with it.
It doesn't understand what session "logged_in" is and it's suddenly being used in an if statement, so the system (panics?) and sends back an error.
Before the user logs in, I need to set the "logged_in" session to False so that the system knows what to so when the problem eventually arises.
I'll attempt putting it in the __init__.py file. Though I'm not sure if that's the best idea.

20:03
That was the worst idea I've ever had in my entire life.
Where the session goes instead, I don't know. I'll try and make another function that links to a new home screen.

20:14
It works. What's the student going to look at as soon as I logged in.
There always has been the option to manage the schools they would've looked into and the grades they have achieved. What's that going to look like? Should there really be a link for that or should everything be on one page?
I understand that the student hub is a student hub for a reason...
I've had an idea to make the three columns dedicated for Schools, Grades and Tags. All of these have always been the focus anyway.

10/12/21
19:23
I don't believe the post-login functions for the student and the admin should be in the same place. I'm not sure if that's my priority at the moment, anyway. I might deal with that later but I've made a note of it. I have the student hub to take care of.
I've already made the edit grades and esit school files.

19:51
Upon making the html, they've made the idea that the enter grades system will require a lot of Javascript. I hate Javascript.

20:50
This is hard. I know what I want to do then

12/12/21
22:19
It appears I haven't finished my sentence from yesterday: I know what I want to do but no idea how to do it. It's a little like a tag system meaning the student enters the course they did and what grade they got from it then when they hit enter, they see what they've entered above the input area. Think of it like posting a youtube comment, for example.
How do you code that? How on earth do you code a youtube comment?

22:41
I'll upload my content to git.

22:54
There needs to be a way to make sure the login is valid without making else statements that lead to the login page at every other line. It's getting really annoying.

23:10
I've entered settings to print the student's details, for the sake of debugging. It's been long fixed but insanely dangerous. I'd better update it right now.

15/12/21
9:31
My CS teacher had taken a look at my work and appears satisfied. What next, she says, is SQL for practically everything else that's backend. I had never thought of it like that.

10:34
How do you do a dropdown? I'm copy-pasting from the bootstrap website itself btw.

12:34
The CSS and JS is painfully inconsistent everywhere. I'm typing in Bootstrap4 on a Bootstrap5 project asking Bootstrap4 Javascript to do what I want from Bootstrap5. You know how much sense this makes? If not, that's good. I've settled on using 5 for everything from here on.

12:46
Oh yes, it's all coming together...

8/1/2022
18:46
It's been far too long. I'm looking for a way to replace text using Jinja rather than Javascript.
Otherwise, I've found ways to replace a little bit of text with Javascript. I should consider either continue with Javascript or use Jinja.
Now that I'm actually typing this out, I'm having second thoughts
19:06
This might be overkill, but should I use a json file to replace the kinds of data I want there?
19:08
Found some code on the internet. All I have to do with it now is to translate what's there into the code that I want working on my site.
19:11
What on earth? My Javascript code is suddenly gone?!

11/1/22
14:31
I've been mucking about with the html and javascript for far too long. I've gotten too bored.
14:54
For the first time in forever, I've done some actual work in making the grades system
There's still more to do. A lot more to do.
19:06
A little out of line but I want to add a hotfix straight to the main registration to the student and the admin.
Disregarding the one that's already there wouldn't be ideal... or would it? It could work!
19:13
It does! How do I keep it on the side I want rather than the one by default?
19:25
Did it.

17/1/22 
13:58
Didn't realise I could work on flask without the need for Internet. This changes so much. I'll be on it far more.
14:06
Registration marked me as signed in when it wasn't supposed to. Deleted leftover code.

18/1/22
16:24
This might be a little overkill, but I'm thinking of reading grade types from a JSON file.

26/1/22
21:46
The issue that I'm not having is that I am not good as I should be with organisation and time management - two things that I truly need for this project to be done in acceptible quality.
I've started with a diagram of what I've set out to do in the program. I've already made a database diagram beforehand, explaining how the program will work once it's set up. On the other hand, I haven't made a flowchart explaining the process to the reader until very recently.
...suddenly, I can't see it.

31/1/21
20:36
Since my last entry, I've downloaded github for desktop, meaning that I can save code not only on my USB and Github but also clone the repository to my computer. I currently have two backups (or three copies, however you think of it), of which can all be accessed and synchronised whenever necessary. 
Github for desktop allows for descriptions in repository updates. This may render the point of this todo.txt file pointless, now. I'm not sure what to do with it anymore.
21:40
I may have found a use case for this file. I'll use it for noting my thoughts on the overall project. For reasoning on updating files within the project, I'll flock to Github for Desktop.

1/2/22
20:42
Adding Git updates to individual files rather than one giant project update is so much easier to handle. I have much more space to detail updates in the 50 characters of the git update. Of course, I also have the description as well.

10/2/22
20:16
I've figured out a basis on how grades are displayed in the site. I'm looking through TechWithTim tutorials to "make it real".
20:34
I've made a test to ensure that the way I've used to "make it real" works.
It looks like student isn't recognised. Is the tablename the problem?
21:24
Now that it's clear to me what the route I have to take to implement the grade system is, figuring out how to get there is proving very difficult. I'll sync everything I already have while I can.

25/3/22
17:32
It's been a while.
I've successfully been able to make the changing grades work. This is a massive step to making the grade system work as planned. I now need to find a way to both display the grades and enter new grades into the system - both of which are herder to pull off that I had imagined.

26/3/22
20:39
I want to make a search function for the grades system for the user to search for their subjects. I'm certain that the grades function as is works perfectly fine. Which is perfect for what I need.
I might want to do that later in development. It's not necessary, now. I just want to check of the test works.
21:12
I've run into a problem with the grades file once again. To publish it, I need to store the student details. However, the student sessions don't really exist outside one view. If I make a session in v_auth, it appears that can't use the session in v_postlogin. To solve this, I need to use cookies. That might mean rewriting a lot of code, though I'm not too sure.
21:18
The site explaining cookies that I'm looking at appears very small. It may be easier than I thought it'd be. Only time will tell about that.

27/3/22
I've found a video on cookies that's more in-depth than the site I found but as a result, 21 minutes long.

28/3/22
9:20
After models.py has worked perfectly during development yesterday, it suddenly doesn't anymore?
Back when I wrote the thing, it read: "'grades': self.grades #Does this make sense?"
Maybe it didn't after all...
9:36
Sessions are universal. They exist everywhere in the project. That's how I route users to the student or admin hubs to begin with. How I didn't think of that sooner, I don't know. It's just session["user"].id that's the problem. What is "id"? The software doesn't appear to know either.
I'll remove session["user"].id and see if the project still works.
It doesn't work. My mission is to figure this out as soon as possible.
(Between 20:30 to 21:00)
What sessions can be read?
I'll see if sessions["user"].firstname works? If it does, it would mean that the issue is just with sessions["user"].id meaning I just have to focus on the data format of sessions["user"].id.
...it doesn't work.
I'll see if sessions["is_student"] works? If it doesn't there's an issue with the entire session; it would give me a better understanding of how sessions work and a clue as to how I can work around the issue.
...it does work.
I don't know what's the problem, anymore…
21:00
Random thought: Am I printing session["user"] the wrong way? I'll print it out without the .id at the end to see if it works out
21:27
I've done a test to print session["user"] as-is to see if it works like session["is_student"] does. It does work, fortunately. Syntax for Student information reminds me of dictionary syntax. I'll need to find a way to get information from a dictionary because clearly, I've done it wrong the whole time
22:12
I've found the root of all of my problems - It's copy-pasting everthing to the grades file. I wasn't thinking when I was making the change - and as a result, I've forgotten to put methods into the route! There are far too many issues that make the grades system such a hell to complete. It really should NOT have taken so long to complete.

30/3/22
So far, I've been making great progress on completing the grades management system.
There are still a few things that I haven't gotten sorted out just yet.

25/2/22
17:30
I'm going to work on the admin hub, now. I've realised that I have rejected it for far too long.
I've realised that I haven't planned enough for the admin hub.
I'm going to look at different ideas of what the Admin hub could look like.
I could think of it like a social media page. With the viewer being able to see other people's posts and their own page at the same time. In that sense, I can keep the search bar for schools but keep it at the bottom so that the user doesn't feel a need to use it.
Then the Admin's school management page can be applied towards the centre.
I'm really throwing darts at a board here but wouldn't it be nice if there were notifications for updates and information on both the admin and student hubs - and maybe one for the school, too? Then I'd have to consider: How is that going to work? Will there be a sort of staff user as well, now? I really should've considered a backroom for the entire site in that sense.
17:42
I'm thinking too far. I could focus on a DM system between student and admin, primarily. Maybe if I have time (or if I want to work on it in my spare time), I could work on that.
21:50
I'm starting to heavily wonder if my software recognises SQLAlchemy
22:07
It does.
I've also done the admin hub. It was easy, since there wasn't much to do, here. The big obstacle that I need to overcome, now, is the school management system.
How do I pull each and every school system into one page, with its own name?
Strangely enough, after having typed it up, I feel like I've answered my own question. I've already figured it out when developing the student and admin hub. Knowing this, it should be relatively easy.
How do I back this up, however? Could a simple json file do the trick? Quite possibly.
Do I know what a school would want to enter for itself?
...yes.
The School's Name (obviously)
Its phone number
Its contact email
A desctiption of the school.
A Banner picture
A profile picture
The Grade requirements that the school wants (the admin would type that one out)
The option to leave all of these options blank and just link their website if they want to anyway.

TODO:
Tags.
Enter grades into the system
School management for the admin
Application management